Fix doc for Validation Rule 'CompareRule' (#1050)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxValidator/8 Validation Rules/CompareRule/comparisonTarget.md

A value to be compared with the validated value.

---

> The rule is valid if the comparison between the validated value and the return value of the **comparisonTarget** function evaluates to **true**. The values are compared using the operator specified by the [comparisonType](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxValidator/8%20Validation%20Rules/CompareRule/comparisonType.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/CompareRule/#comparisonType') option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule is valid if the comparison between the validated value and the return value of the **comparisonTarget** function evaluates to **true**. The operator specified by the [comparisonType](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxValidator/8%20Validation%20Rules/CompareRule/comparisonType.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxValidator/Validation_Rules/CompareRule/#comparisonType') option is used to compare values.
```
